romina here who's that guy he's yours
look in the coma I heard from here over
a year just took off my son I should be
around him I wasn't around my dad with
the way I turned out how are you gonna
take care of us I can't think of another
line of work that I'd rather be in
you're so smart you can do anything you
want just don't understand why you're
doing this I'm a cop Jenna got a kid you
want to provide for that kid you gotta
do that using your skill set your skill
set shit down
alright
15 in for sure
thomas for me I'm still his father I can
give him stuff and I'm officer to look
that we're here to search your house
what far we're looking for the money
that Luke Glanton may or may not have
given to you what team grant the lion's
share is going through our hero this is
your problem this is our problem and I'm
bringing it to your attention because
that's what I should do I want you two
in one day I'm not gonna let you bring
us both down there's a way out of this
you're not gonna like it
you know something look if you ride like
right now you're gonna crash like
thunder
you